Express plum tart
Hi i'm Hervé Cuisine
today, let's prepare a quick and easy plum tart
you will need fresh plums or other fruits
a ready-made puff paste
vanilla
brown sugar (100 g = 3.5 oz)
hazelnut powder 100 g = 3.5 oz)
cinnamon
heavy cream
2 eggs
let's start with the puff paste
let's use a tart ring mold
press to make the bottom
now use what's left to make the borders
i've sprayed the ring mold
try go twice around to have a thick border
press gently with your fingers to seal the crust
grate the vanilla pod
mix with brown sugar
and beat with the 2 eggs to get a fluffy texture
Add a pinch of cinnamon
and the hazelnut (or almond) powder
stir well
add heavy cream
(20 cl that is almost a cup)
stir well
now let pour this preparation into the crust
and let's prepare the plums
simply take the pit out of each plum
and slice them
place these on the base
and bake for 45 min at 350°F
let's check out tart now
it looks great
with this thick puffy crust
like in pastry shops
it smells really good
hazelnut
brush the top of your tart with some jam
add a spoon of water to make it easier to brush
here we go
our tart is ready
enjoy this recipe, like the video if you liked it
and subscribe to my channel :)